ATL WING SPOT — MENU TEXT
Source: https://www.atlwingspot.com/menu/
Collected: August 24, 2026
Wording and spelling preserved from the live website.

STARTERS
Mac N Cheese Bites
Bite-sized golden treats with a crispy exterior and a creamy, cheesy mac and cheese center.
Cajun Fried Corn (Fan Favourite)
Our fan favorite Cajun fried corn! Juicy ears of corn on the cob fried till golden and tossed in our famous cajun rub! Served with ranch.
Crispy Coconut Shrimp
Served with Thai chili sauce.
Mozzarella Sticks (6)
Includes marinara sauce
Chipotle Chicken Quesadilla
Crispy boneless chicken topped with our housemade chipotle sauce, cheddar cheese, and ranch!
Cheddar Cheese Quesadilla
Served with sour cream
Loaded Chicken Quesadilla
Grilled chicken, cheddar cheese, green peppers, & onions. Served with sour scream!
Crispy Buffalo Chicken Quesadilla
Crispy buffalo chicken and cheddar cheese topped with ranch. Served with ranch on the side.
WINGS
All wings come with chunky blue cheese, ranch, or honey mustard and celery!
Traditional
6pc Bone In Wings Combo Meal
6 of our Classic Bone-in wings! Always fresh never frozen. Choose from over 30 flavors! Served with your choice of side, beverage, and dip!
10pc Bone In Wings Combo
10 of our Classic Bone-in wings! Always fresh never frozen. Choose from over 30 flavors! Served with your choice of side, beverage, and dip!
4 Bone In Wings
4 of our Classic Bone-in wings! Always fresh never frozen. Choose from over 25 flavors! Served with celery and your choice of dip!
6 Pieces Wings
6 of our Classic Bone-in wings! Always fresh never frozen. Choose from over 25 flavors! Served with celery and your choice of dip!
10 Pieces Wings
10 of our Classic Bone-in wings! Always fresh never frozen. Choose from over 25 flavors! Served with celery and your choice of dip!
20 Pieces Wings
20 of our Classic Bone-in wings! Always fresh never frozen. Choose from over 25 flavors! Served with celery and your choice of dip!
50 Bone in Wings
50 of our Classic Bone-in wings! Always fresh never frozen. Choose from over 25 flavors! Served with celery and your choice of dip!
100 Bone in Wings
100 of our Classic Bone-in wings! Always fresh never frozen. Choose from over 25 flavors! Served with celery and your choice of dip!
Boneless
6pc Boneless Wings Combo
Our fan favorite boneless wings, now in a COMBO! Fresh never frozen white meat chicken hand breaded and fried till golden brown. Served with your choice of sauce, side order, beverage, and dip!
10pc Boneless Wings Combo
Our fan favorite boneless wings, now in a COMBO! Fresh never frozen white meat chicken hand breaded and fried till golden brown. Served with your choice of sauce, side order, beverage, and dip!
4 Boneless Wings
Our fan favorite boneless wings! Fresh never frozen white meat chicken hand breaded and fried till golden brown. Choose your sauce and dip!
6 Boneless Wings
Our fan favorite boneless wings! Fresh never frozen white meat chicken hand breaded and fried till golden brown. Choose your sauce and dip!
10 Boneless Wings
Our fan favorite boneless wings! Fresh never frozen white meat chicken hand breaded and fried till golden brown. Choose your sauce and dip!
20 Boneless Wings
Our fan favorite boneless wings! Fresh never frozen white meat chicken hand breaded and fried till golden brown. Choose your sauce and dip!
50 Boneless Wings
Our fan favorite boneless wings! Fresh never frozen white meat chicken hand breaded and fried till golden brown. Choose your sauce and dip!
100 Boneless Wings
Our fan favorite boneless wings! Fresh never frozen white meat chicken hand breaded and fried till golden brown. Choose your sauce and dip!
SAUCY TENDERS
Fresh hand breaded. Have them sauced or sauce on the side!
3 Saucy Tenders
3 of our hand breaded Jumbo Tenders! Choose your favorite sauce and have them sauced or sauce on the side!
5 Saucy Tenders
5 of our hand breaded Jumbo Tenders! Choose your favorite sauce and have them sauced or sauce on the side!
10 Saucy Tenders
10 of our hand breaded Jumbo Tenders! Choose your favorite sauces and have them sauced or sauce on the side!
20 Saucy Tenders
20 of our hand breaded Jumbo Tenders! Choose your favorite sauces and have them sauced or sauce on the side!
50 Saucy Tenders
50 of our hand breaded Jumbo Tenders! Choose your favorite sauces and have them sauced or sauce on the side!
100 Saucy Tenders
100 of our hand breaded Jumbo Tenders! Choose your favorite sauces and have them sauced or sauce on the side!
3pc Tender Combo
3 of our hand breaded Jumbo Tenders! Choose your favorite sauce and have them sauced or sauce on the side! Served with your choice of side and drink!
5pc Tender Combo
5 of our hand breaded Jumbo Tenders! Choose your favorite sauce and have them sauced or sauce on the side! Served with your choice of side and drink!
CHICKEN N WAFFLES
3 hand breaded Chicken Tenders served with a crispy Fruity Pebbles waffle topped with powdered sugar and strawberry syrup. Served with syrup on the side.
Chicken N’ Waffles
3 Crispy Chicken Tenders Served over a warm waffle topped with powdered sugar. Served with syrup on the side.
Oreo Chicken N’ Waffles
3 hand breaded Chicken Tenders served with a crispy Oreo waffle topped with powdered sugar and chocolate syrup. Served with syrup on the side.
Fruity Pebbles Chicken N’ Waffles
3 hand breaded Chicken Tenders served with a crispy Fruity Pebbles waffle topped with powdered sugar and strawberry syrup. Served with syrup on the side.
Cinnamon Toast Crunch Chicken N’ Waffles
3 hand breaded Chicken Tenders served with a crispy Cinnamon Toast Crunch waffle topped with powdered sugar and caramel syrup. Served with syrup on the side.
Waffle
The OG. Our original waffle topped with powdered sugar. Served with syrup on the side.
Oreo Waffle
Crispy oreo waffle topped with Hershey’s syrup, powdered suqar, and more OREOS!
Fruity Pebbles Waffle
Crispy Fruity Pebbles waffle topped with strawberry syrup, powdered suqar, and more FRUITY PEBBLES!
Cinnamon Toast Crunch Waffle
Crispy Cinnamon Toast Crunch waffle topped with caramel syrup, powdered suqar, and more Cinnamon Toast Crunch!
WRAPS
Honey Mustard Wrap
Crispy boneless chicken topped with cheddar cheese, lettuce, tomatoes, and honey mustard.
Buffalo Ranch Chicken Wrap
Crispy Buffalo Chicken topped with lettuce, tomatoes and ranch dressing.
Chipotle Chicken Wrap
Crispy chicken topped with chipotle sauce, lettuce, tomatoes, and cheddar cheese.
BURGER N SANDWICHES
Chipotle Chicken Sandwich
Crispy chicken on a brioche bun topped with chipotle sauce, lettuce, and tomato.
Chicken Deluxe
Fried chicken, american cheese, mayo, lettuce, & tomato on a brioche bun.
FRIES N MUNCHIES
Waffle Fries
Golden waffle fries, available in small or large servings.
Cheese Fries
Golden fries topped with melted cheddar cheese.
Battered Onion Rings
Crispy, golden-battered onion rings, perfectly seasoned for a delightful crunch.
Buffalo Ranch Loaded Waffle Fries
Loaded up with crispy chicken, buffalo sauce & ranch.
Nashville Hot Loaded Waffle Fries
Waffle fries loaded up with crispy chicken topped with Nashville hot sauce and ranch!
Sweet Potato Fries
Sweet potato fries available in small or large sizes.
BBQ Loaded Waffle Fries
Loaded up with crispy chicken, pineapple BBQ sauce, & ranch!
DESSERTS N SHAKES
Milkshake
SHAKE IT UP! With one of your fan favorite milkshakes. Choose from flavors like Reese’s, Fruity Pebbles, Oreo BLAST, Cinnamon Toast Crunch, or keep it classic with Hershey’s Chocolate, Vanilla, or Strawberry Shortcake!
Cinnamon Toast Crunch Waffle
Crispy Cinnamon Toast Crunch waffle topped with caramel syrup, powdered suqar, and more Cinnamon Toast Crunch!
Fruity Pebbles Waffle
Crispy Fruity Pebbles waffle topped with strawberry syrup, powdered suqar, and more FRUITY PEBBLES!
Oreo Waffle
Crispy oreo waffle topped with Hershey’s syrup, powdered suqar, and more OREOS!
Fried Oreos
Golden, crispy battered Oreos dusted with powdered sugar, offering a delightful blend of crunch and sweetness.
Funnel Cake Fries (12)
Lightly dusted with powdered sugar, these crispy funnel cake fries offer a sweet, crunchy treat.
BEVERAGES
Can Soda
Various sodas and bottled water options including Pepsi, Diet Pepsi, Orange Crush, Ginger Ale, Brisk Iced Tea, and Lemonade.
Gatorade
A crisp, satisfying taste to quench thirst and energize without caffeine
Bottled Water
Pure and refreshing bottled water.
Large Soda
Large soda selection: Pepsi, Crush Orange, Ginger Ale.
Bottled Soda
Selection of bottled sodas including classic Pepsi variants, Crush flavors, Mountain Dew Baja Blast, Country Time lemonades, Sunny D Fruit Punch, Brisk Iced Tea.
EXTRAS
Ranch Cup
Every hero needs a side kick! Our ATL Wing Spot ranch is the perfect addition to any wing or munchie order.
Blue Cheese Cup
Cup of Blue Cheese Dip
Extra Sauce Cup
Add a side cup of your favorite sauce! (Did you know we have over 30!)
Cheese Sauce Cup
Cup of Nacho Cheese Sauce
Celery
Crisp celery stalks, freshly cut and ready as a refreshing side or snack.
